we are right now we are in what is
considered to be downtown Brooklyn even
though it's not down at all we're pretty
far north
Brooklyn Ballet is down the block from
us we see every day we see ballerinas
coming to work on the way in and
Brooklyn also happens to be the man bun
capital of the United States this is
well there are a lot of guys with their
hair and little knots on the tops of
their head so in the past we played a
game called hipster or Hasidic where you
had to decide if hipster is Enoch but
tonight as fashion changes we changed to
and it's time to play a new one called
man bun or ballerina all right let's
begin is this a man bun or a ballerina
the audience says man bun and it is
ballerina ballerina indeed alright you
have the idea now let's see if let's try
again the audience says man bun is it a
man bun yeah that's one of our writers
by the way he's not one of yours let's
try another one
man bun
[Music]
right now the now you're getting unruly
well let's find out is it man bun me and
buns two buns for one next
okay pilus could be misleading does that
bun belong to a man or a ballerina and
it is about it is a ballerina it's gonna
be easy okay
let's see another
and the audience is saying man-bun let's
find out if they are correct
man he's prouder of that than he should
be
and I believe we have one more that's
top let's look at that again is this the
bun of a man well nobody knows let's
find out that is
man's best friend buns now there you go
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry